[Actions][Doc] Clean up Actions README (#91789)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/plugins/actions/README.md

## Usage

1. Develop and register an action type (see [Action types -> Example](#example)).
2. Create an action by using the [RESTful API](#restful-api).
3. Use alerts to execute actions or execute manually (see [Firing actions](#firing-actions)).

## Kibana Actions Configuration

Implemented under the [Actions Config](./server/actions_config.ts).

### Configuration Options

Built-In-Actions are configured using the _xpack.actions_ namespace under _kibana.yml_. See the [Actions configuration Documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/kibana/master/defining-alerts.html#actions-configuration) for all configuration options.

#### **allowedHosts** configuration

> - You may use the string "*" in the **allowedHosts** configuration in place of a specific hostname to enable Kibana to target any URL, but keep in mind the potential to use such a feature to execute [SSRF](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Server_Side_Request_Forgery) attacks from your server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use the string "*" in the **allowedHosts** configuration in place of a specific hostname to enable Kibana to target any URL, but keep in mind the potential to use such a feature to execute [SSRF](https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Server_Side_Request_Forgery) attacks from your server.
```

> - The **allowedHosts** configuration applies to built-in action types (such as Slack, or PagerDuty) as well. Uniquely, the _PagerDuty Action Type_ has been configured to support the service's Events API (at _https://events.pagerduty.com/v2/enqueue_, which you can read about [here](https://v2.developer.pagerduty.com/docs/events-api-v2)) as a default, but this too, must be included in the allowedHosts before the PagerDuty action can be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **allowedHosts** configuration applies to built-in action types (such as Slack and PagerDuty). The _PagerDuty Action Type_ has been configured to support the service's Events API (at _https://events.pagerduty.com/v2/enqueue_, which you can read about [here](https://v2.developer.pagerduty.com/docs/events-api-v2)) as a default, but this too, must be included in the allowedHosts before the PagerDuty action can be used.
```

Reviewer: Suggest breaking the second sentence into two sentences.  Also using a "here" as a link is not good for accessibility.  Use a specific link title instead.

## user interface

> In order to make this action usable in the Kibana UI, you will need to provide all the UI editing aspects of the action. The existing action type user interfaces are defined in [`x-pack/plugins/triggers_actions_ui/public/application/components/builtin_action_types`](../triggers_actions_ui/public/application/components/builtin_action_types). For more information, see the [UI documentation](../triggers_actions_ui/README.md#create-and-register-new-action-type-ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make this action usable in the Kibana UI, you will need to provide all the UI editing aspects of the action. The existing action type user interfaces are defined in [`x-pack/plugins/triggers_actions_ui/public/application/components/builtin_action_types`](../triggers_actions_ui/public/application/components/builtin_action_types). For more information, see the [UI documentation](../triggers_actions_ui/README.md#create-and-register-new-action-type-ui).
```
